# cart253
This is Nerly Cadet’s coursework repository for CART253

https://yaxuanpang.github.io/cart253/topics/art-jam/
I really liked the fact that the interaction was both with the project and the artist, because in a way, it allowed me to learn about what Ya Xuan likes. For example, when playing with the light, you could see all of her interests pop up when they were in the spotlight. Starting all the way from bottom-left to bottom-right, first, there is something that looks like a canvas, which makes me think that she might like art, or more specifically painting. The second thing is a bear, which I am assuming might be her favorite animal. Third, music. Perhaps she likes to listen and/or make music. Then, a phone, an orange, and a book. It was really fun to see the way she was able to mix together art, coding and storytelling into one picture. On top of that, her eyes kept following the mouse. It made it seem as if whenever the light lighted something, she felt tempted to look or take it. Finally, the clouds at the end that kept darkening as long as you clicked on the mouse was cool. It made it seem as if she was lost in the clouds. The multiple ways in which the project was interactive was really interesting. 

https://mewmewpewpew.github.io/cart253/topics/art-jam/
The art style caught my attention. Particularly with the specific features, such as the multiples earrings, the lip piercings that appear to mimic Tasha's real lip piercings, and the star that follows the mouse. It gave off a very scene (the subculture) vibe. Although the art jam didn’t look like Tasha, as the character resembled a mouse, the project still had her essence. The aesthetic brought back memories of the video games that were targeted at girls – usually called something like “gogirlgames” – that I played as a child, in which you could customize the character's appearance and makeup. The nostalgia felt by that Art Jam was even more enhanced by the small note  on the side instructing to draw hair and makeup. In my opinion, it was also really cool that the interaction was entirely up to the player. In many other projects, the project's engagement was restricted to what the software could do, but this one let us draw, so we could draw anything we wanted. Our only limitation was the mouse.

https://christieleung.github.io/cart253/assignments/art-jam/
Her art-jam was very reminiscent to spring, thanks to the pastel colors, her hair that looks as if it was flowing in the wind and the flowers that turned, which also looked as if the wind was moving them. Everything about it seems very peaceful and looks like it smelled really good. The project's interactive component was incredibly cool and fluid; it was simple to understand how to use it and where it began and stopped. It almost looked to me as an actual drawing and not something that was coded - since everything looked so perfect - which I think is really cool to be able to do with coding. 